README.md, before:

# Advanced-Frontend-Final-Project Proposal
## Elevator Pitch
I want to make a discord bot that manages a server for you. This discord bot would be able to schedule and send out alerts for events, manage users and messages (ban users, remove innappropriate messages, etc), and converse with users. Users will be able to ask about events coming up and the AI will be able to response with some scheduled events. 
## Features
- Schedule events
- Send out event alerts
- Store event information in a database
- Ban users
- Remove innappropriate content/messages
- Conversate with users
- Tell the users information about the server that they want to know like events
- A settings page with controls for the bot
- ping/message preferences
- ban preferences (how many strikes till their out, what is ok and not ok, etc)
- records view of innappropriate messages
- An instruction page for how to add the bot
- A help message for users that are unfamiliar with the bot
## New Things I will need to learn (Risks)
- I will need to learn how discord bots work. I have never made one before
- I will need to learn how the AI will be able to analyze if a piece of content or a message are innappropriate
- I will need to figure out how I am going to get the AI to regularly send out messages for announcements
- I will need to figure out how the AI will be able to ban users or if they should be able to or not
- I will need to figure out how to make the admin accounts work for the controller website. Maybe discord login?

Commit message:

Add event proposal functionality and admin approval
Added features for event proposals and admin review.

README.md, after:

# Advanced-Frontend-Final-Project Proposal
## Elevator Pitch
I want to make a discord bot that manages a server for you. This discord bot would be able to schedule and send out alerts for events, manage users and messages (ban users, remove innappropriate messages, etc), and converse with users. Users will be able to ask about events coming up and the AI will be able to response with some scheduled events. 
## Features
- Schedule events
- Send out event alerts
- Store event information in a database
- Ban users
- Remove innappropriate content/messages
- Conversate with users
- Tell the users information about the server that they want to know like events
- A settings page with controls for the bot
- ping/message preferences
- ban preferences (how many strikes till their out, what is ok and not ok, etc)
- records view of innappropriate messages
- An instruction page for how to add the bot
- A help message for users that are unfamiliar with the bot
- Allow non-admin or non-permissive users to make event proposals.
- Page that allows admins to view proposals and approve/disapprove them
## New Things I will need to learn (Risks)
- I will need to learn how discord bots work. I have never made one before
- I will need to learn how the AI will be able to analyze if a piece of content or a message are innappropriate
- I will need to figure out how I am going to get the AI to regularly send out messages for announcements
- I will need to figure out how the AI will be able to ban users or if they should be able to or not
- I will need to figure out how to make the admin accounts work for the controller website. Maybe discord login?
